Title card: The next day

Emily: Hey James! Ready for your first day?

James: Yeah, I’m more than a little curious to find out what the student committee actually does.

Emily: (laughs) Well, you have to pass your trials first before you can join the secret initiation in the basement.

James:

Wait, we have a basement?
...For reals?
Is it a blood ritual or an orgy?

If 1:

Emily: I don’t know, probably. Trust me, it's not as secretive as you think, committee duties are actually pretty boring sometimes. 

James: Glad I decided to sign up then...
Emily: Oh! But this year is different, we have so much planned! Now come on, let’s meet the rest of the committee!

Story converges:

If option 2:

Emily: Mhmm. You’ll find out more on the fall equinox, but the student committee is super secret dating back to the founding of the school. They say every U.S. President was a part of this secret committee.

James: ...you’re fucking with me.

Emily: (Laughs) You just make it so easy.

James: So what do you actually do?

Emily: Monitor and oversee club activities mostly.

Story converges:

If option 3:

Emily: (gasps) Well...uh… (angry) jeez James, why do you always have to take it there?

James: You started it.

Emily: Yeah, well, you know I don’t like that kinda stuff…

James: I can’t help it, you’re just so cute when you're flustered.

Emily: (blushing) W-would you stop joking around already? Let’s meet the rest of the committee.

*james gains affection with Emily*

Story converges:

Story continues:

 Emily: Alright Everyone! I want to introduce you to our newest member, James.

Sara (generic background character): Hi, I'm sara.

Marcus:...I’m Marcus.
Caleb: Caleb. I’m the treasurer. However, you look familiar, didn’t we go to middle school together?

James: I don’t recall, maybe?

Emily: James and I went to the same middle school, I don’t recall seeing you either.

Caleb (annoyed): I see, it was a long time ago after all. And I was never as popular as the two of you were.

If James did not walk emily home:

Caleb: By the way Emily, there’s a new dessert cafe that opened up at the station near your house, want to stop by after the committee?

Emily (embarrassed): Maybe, talk to me after we wrap up, alright?

James: (internal) Since when is she so buddy buddy with this jerk?

Story continues:

Emily: Right, so the big project is getting the community market up and running again, that includes clean-up and restoring the stalls.

Marcus: Still waiting on the clubs to get back with proposals, but the Gardening club has offered to help with clearing out the lot.

Sara: We can ask the art club to paint and refurbish some of the wooden stalls.

Emily: Great! I’ll have James draft the flyer.

James: Ok.

Caleb: Not to be the bearer of bad news, but there is the issue of budget.

Emily: Oh no…

Caleb: Unfortunately, the school has slashed our budget for clubs.

Emily: What for?

Caleb: The baseball team requested new equipment. They were doing pretty well last year, and the school wants them at their best as they aim for nationals.

Emily: How much did they cut it by?

Caleb: Not much, merely a third.

Emily: A third!

James: Is it really that bad?

Caleb: Not really, it just means we need to cut a club activity.

Emily: We don’t have that many to begin with...if everyone isn’t able to participate, this could turn out to be a pretty lackluster festival.

Caleb: Well, there is another option…

Emily: I’m listening....

Caleb: We can bring in another club, the club approval fees should cover at least some of the shortfall.

Emily: (exasperated) Don’t tell me, the mentalists again?

James: Mentalists? Aren’ those like wannabe psychics?

Caleb: (annoyed) No. Mentalism is the subtle art of subterfuge, misdirection, and manipulation to make a target believe you have psychic prowess, when in reality, you simply guided them to the conclusion of your choosing.

Emily: Caleb and his...friends have been proposing this club since last year. 

Caleb: And yet you continue to dismiss my suggestion without giving adequate reason why.

Marcus: We need more interactive elements at the festival, having a mentalist demonstration would be a surefire way to drum up some enthusiasm and engagement.

Sara: That actually sounds pretty cool.

Emily *sigh*: James? What do you think?

James:

If we had a budget cut, expansion doesn’t seem like the best option
They do make a good point, interactive elements are needed

If option 1:

*James gets affection points with Emily*

Caleb: (annoyed) Very well then. Since you were quick to make the decision to deny a club, it seems only fair you should also choose who gets the axe.

*James is prompted to cut a club*

1a. Art Club
1b. Film Club
1c. Music Club
1d. Gardening Club
1e. Cooking Club

If 1a:

Emily: Art club is only one member, and I don’t think Celia was able to recruit anyone new yesterday. *sigh* she’s going to be heartbroken...

Story converges:

If 1b:

Caleb: Hmm. A good choice. I’m not sure what a club like that could have offered us anyway. All Anna does is sit around and watch movies by herself.

Emily: *sigh* And they were technically an un-sanctioned club due to a lack of membership..Alright then. Film club it is.

Story converges:

If 1c:

Emily: Hmmm. Joycelin did mention her band broke up recently, but I would have liked to have had some live music. Very well then, I’ll let her know.

*james loses affection with Emily*

Story converges:

If 1d:

Emily: (angry) Absolutely not! Gardening club is the cornerstone of this festival. We can’t just cut them out! Who will provide the produce for the farmers market?

James: You asked me to pick a club.

Caleb: Might I suggest an alternative? Instead of disbanding the club, we can reduce the budget for now, and ask members to procure supplies on their own, reimbursing them with the proceeds from the festivals.

Emily: You know, that is actually an excellent idea. The school provides its own compost, and the custodian has been letting the club borrow equipment since the beginning. Yeah, this is a great idea!

Caleb (smug): I’m glad you think so, i’ll go run the numbers and get back to you with the new budgets.

*james loses affection with emily*

Story converges:

If 1e:

Emily: (angry) Absolutely not! The Cooking club is the cornerstone of this festival. We can’t just cut them out! What kind of festival doesn’t have food vendors?

James: You asked me to pick a club.

Caleb: Might I suggest an alternative? Instead of disbanding the club, we can reduce the budget for now, and ask members to procure supplies on their own, reimbursing them with the proceeds from the festivals.

Emily: You know, that is actually an excellent idea. Frankie often brings excess ingredients from her family's restaurant all the time, she might even be able to convince them to sponsor the club. Yeah, this is a great idea!

Caleb (smug): I’m glad you think so, I’ll go run the numbers and get back to you with the new budgets.

*james loses affection with emily*

Story converges:

If option 2:

Caleb: (smug) we have you outnumbered president.

Emily: So it seems. Very well, we can admit the new club.

*on track for neutral end*

Story converges:

Story continues:

Emily: Well, now that that's settled, Caleb, you get started on the budget, Me and James will get started on the marketing campaign.

*transition*

Story continues:

If james walked Emily home:

James: So what’s with that Caleb guy?

Emily: What do you mean?

James: I mean why is he on the student committee? Isn’t he kind of a bully?

Emily: *sighs* Nothing proven, and we can’t kick him out on rumor and conjecture. Plus, he’s an honor student. But still….

James: Go on.

Emily: I don't know, he kind of gives me the creeps sometimes. He went to our middle school, or so he claims, but I don’t remember him at all.

James: Eh, it was a big school. Not too big a deal.

Emily: Right? But he apparently knows us and seems, I don’t know, upset that we don’t know him.

James: Arrogant much?

Emily: *laughs* Totally. And then there's that group of his.

James: The mentalists?

Emily: (annoyed) yeah, the mentalists. It's just an excuse to harass girls. They manipulate and gaslight girls into sleeping with them or sending nudes, then turn around and leak it on social media or send it to the girls’ contact lists. They’re depraved.

If option 1 (no mentalist club)

James: And still he’s on the student committee?

Emily: (annoyed) again, nothing is proven, and the girls won’t talk, either due to fear or blackmail. I’m glad you backed me up on not letting them have a club.

James: Yeah, no problem. He gave me some skeevy vibes too.

Story converges:

If selected option 2:

James: And still he’s on the student committee?

Emily: (annoyed) again, nothing is proven, and the girls won’t talk, either due to fear or blackmail. And you voted to sanction their little...group.

James: My bad….

Emily: At least they’re in one place and we can keep an eye on them I guess.

Story converges:


If James did not walk Emily home:

James: So, since when are you so close with this Caleb guy?

Emily: What’s it matter? You were busy yesterday anyway.

James: Isn’t that dude a total scumbag? I heard he and his friends go around blackmailing girls for nudes and leaking them online.

Emily: That's all just rumor, besides, he’s an honors student. But…

James: But?

Emily: I have heard those rumors too. He says he does the mentalist thing as a mental exercise, but admitted some of his friends are a little more than hobbyists. Which is why I didn’t want to sanction their club.

James: Hmm...so are you going to the dessert bar with him after club then?

Emily: I might, why, are you jealous perhaps?

James:
A little
No, you can do what you want

If option 1:

Emily: Hmph. Then next time don’t ditch me to go play video games, or whatever the hell it was you did yesterday.

James: Yeah, sorry, it was just a lot of socialization with new people, you know how I get…

Emily: *sigh* Yeah, and you’re lucky I do too. But no, I wasn’t going with him, I was actually looking for an excuse to say no.

*James gains some affection with emily*

Story converges:

If option 2:

Emily: (annoyed) It’s like I don’t even know who you are anymore…

James: What was that? You were mumbling.

Emily: I said I wasn't planning on it, but it might actually be nice to check out a new dessert place.

James: Oh…

Emily:...Let's just finish this club work.

*James loses affection with Emily*

Story converges:
Story continues:

Emily: So, the first thing we need to do is get the proposals from each of the clubs.

James: Proposals?

Emily: Right, each club was told that they needed to submit a proposal for festival activities. The student committee needs to get approval from the school and draft a budget.

James: Oh, that makes sense.

Emily: Mhmm. So the first week of clubs will be dedicated to introductions and determining what stall the club is going to run. We also gave a list of some preapproved ideas, but clubs are encouraged to be creative.

James: So my job is to collect these proposals?

Emily: That’s right, you and I will be the club liaisons, answering any questions they have, and helping with the proposed activity if a club can’t agree to one or their first proposal is rejected.

James: That sounds like a lot of work…

Emily: It is, but I’m sure we can manage, plus, we have a whole semester to get this ready.

James: What would cause a proposal to be rejected?

Emily: Well, there’s the obvious stuff, like its not “school appropriate”, so no liquor or sex stuff,  but mostly is about budgets.

James: Ok, and how much do clubs get?

Emily: Last year, each club got $150, cooking and gardening clubs usually get more though because they are connected to actual classes. It comes from club initiation fees, which is $25, room rental which is $10, and end of the year fundraisers. Cooking and gardening clubs usually bring in the most, so in a way, they subsidize all the other clubs.

James: So wait, how much does the school pitch in?

Emily: Usually? Around $50-65, but this year, I don’t know…

James: Who usually helps you with all of this?

Emily: Well, I usually do it by myself. Sara is the club secretary, and doesn’t really like to take on extra work, and Marcus just joined shortly before you did.
James: Isn’t he one of Caleb’s lackeys?

Emily: Caleb did refer him, and I’ve seen them together a few times, but I’m not sure what their relationship is. It often looks like they don’t really like one another.

James: Huh…

Emily: Which is why I'm glad you’re here, at least now I won’t be outnumbered. No pressure or anything.

James: Of course not....

Scene ends:

Story Continues:

Art Club
Title card: The next week

Celia: OH! Hey, Jamie, over here!

James: How’s it going? Sorry if I’m too early…

Celia: no problem dude, at least you showed. We’ve had people wander in at the end of club or like three weeks into the semester before.

James:That's an artist for you, right?

Celia: *laughs* totally! (annoyed) wait a minute ese, what are you tryna say exactly?

James: Uh...I didn’t mean anything by it, I’m just a little nervous and trying to lighten the mood….

Celia: *laughs* Dude! Lighten up! I’m just messin’ wit’ chu. Artists are notoriously total flakes.

James: I figured but…

Celia: Look, i’m not even going that hard into my spicy latina game, you need to toughen up if you want to make it in art club.

James:
No, no, that’s not it. I just came in expecting habanero’s and you give me jalapeno’s
I’m really nervous actually, I’m not much of a people person
I’m just not tryna get shot by gangbanger relatives

If option 1:

Celia: (smirks) Ok, ok, my bad corazon, but I’m Colombian, we don’t use peppers in our cooking. That's the mexicanos.

James: Now you have me curious to try your cooking.

Celia: (smirks) Cute, but don’t push your luck too far. I don’t cook.

*james gains affection with Celia*

Story converges:

If option 2:

Celia: (concerned) Oh, can I do anything to help make you more comfortable? I promise I don’t bite. Non-consensually.

James: It’s just a little much right now, Like I said I’m not much of a people person or club joiner.

Celia: Ah, I see the quiet, tortured soul type. I get you.

James: I wouldn’t really say i qualify as tortured-

Celia: Oh! Looks like the other new member is here!

Story converges:

If option 3:

Celia: (annoyed) Uh! Rude! Ok, I may not have told you before, but I don't’ get down with that racist shit, and that goes against anyone.

James: i was--

Celia (annoyed): un-uh! Don’t try and tell me some “it was just a joke bro” bullshit. I gave you my warning. 

*marcus enters*

Marcus: ...Is this the art club?
Celia: don’t make me warn you again. (smiles) Yes! It is, you’re definitely in the right place!

*james loses affection with Celia*

If option 3 with option 1c from club selection:

Celia: There you go again with that problematic bullshit.

*Marcus enters*

Marcus: ...Is this the art club?

Celia: You’re lucky I don’t wanna make a scene in front of the new members, but you keep that bullshit up, me and you are gonna have words. (Smiles) Yes! You have definitely come to the right place!

Marcus:...Ok…

*james loses affection with Celia*

Story converges

